Update Notifications Page (#744)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/cloud-notifications.md

---
title: "Configuring Notifications"
---

### Overview

Setting up notifications in dbt Cloud will allow you to receive alerts via Email or a chosen Slack channel when a job run succeeds, fails, or is cancelled.

### Email

> To set up email noticiations first navigate to your **Profile** (found in the top right hand side of dbt Cloud) and the select **Notifications**.

Reviewer: You can also go to Account Settings to set up notifications for your entire team. Did you want to also provide this path?

Author: Thanks Amy! Just made a commit to include that aspect.

Author: @amychen1776 if you have a moment to review this change would be awesome :)

---
title: "Configuring Notifications"
---

### Overview

Setting up notifications in dbt Cloud will allow you to receive alerts via Email or a chosen Slack channel when a job run succeeds, fails, or is cancelled.

### Email

> There are two options for setting up email notifications. As a **user** you can set up email notifications for yourself under your Profile. As an **admin** you can setup notifications on your team members behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options for setting up email notifications. As a **user**, you can set up email notifications for yourself under your Profile. As an **admin**, you can set up notifications on your team members' behalf.
```

> * **As a user:** To set up email notifications first navigate to your **Profile** (found in the top right hand side of dbt Cloud) and the select **Notifications**.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **As a user:** Navigate to your **Profile** (found in the top right-hand side of dbt Cloud) and select **Notifications**.
```

\

> Next select **Edit** and select the type of Notification (Succeeds, Fails or Is Cancelled) for each Job for which you would like to be notified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next select **Edit** and select the type of Notification (Succeeds, Fails, or Is Cancelled) for each Job for which you would like to be notified.
```

> * **As an admin:** To set up email notifications navigate to Account Settings > Notifications.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **As an admin:**  Navigate to Account Settings (in the hamburger menu) > Notifications.
```

> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Select the User you'd like to set notifications for. Select **Edit** and select the type of Notification (Succeeds, Fails or Is Cancelled) for each Job for which they will be notified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the User you'd like to set notifications for. Select **Edit** and select the type of Notification (Succeeds, Fails, or Is Cancelled) for each Job for which they will be notified.
```
